To add icons we can use tools and I'll use image gorilla.
You can just google for that and should find it on ape tools or weapon profusion dot com.
And this is a convenient tool which allows you to specify one PNC file in this format and one splash
screen.
You fall in this format to automatically generate the resources you need for your application and I
will use that to generate my IOW resources for Android we can use a tool built into Android Studio because
it turns out in your IOW app if you have a look ads that SS x c assets folder here in your project that
you have to provide all these icons for your app to support different devices and screen sizes manually
creating all these files is a lot of work and that's what a tool like this does for us.
So here let's choose a file and attached you find.
Example I can you can use here of course for your app you should use your own icon.
Let's use that as I can here.
Let's use the splash screen as well.
Splash screen and then select IOW down there.
You don't need to select anything else as like IOW not IOW ionic.
I w is fine and click Kapow and this will now generate these assets for you and once it's done it will
give you a download.
Here we are download dead CIP file it in that downloaded and extract that zip file you'll find that
I was folder with your app icons and your launch screen images you don't actually need all these files
but now here in tax code you can just open that assets folder you go to app icon and now drag and drop
the icons into the places where they belong.
So you we have twenty point and then 2x free X will That's all what we have here is let's drag to X
in there and free X and their we have twenty nine point two X and free x.
So let's drag this in here and this and here we have forty point two X and free X..
So let's drag two X in here and free X and here we have 60 points 2x and 3x.
So same game of course let's track these files and here we have 20 points 1 and 2 x so let's drag these
files in here we have twenty nine points 1 x and 2 x.
So make sure to also drag these files and your 40 points 1 x and 2 x.
Now I have no forty point one x.
So what I did here is I quickly generate this off screen in photoshop.
It's simply 40 by 30 image a half the size of the two x.
So I took the 2 x 1 and basically just halved its dimensions.
You find that attached to this video here so that you can continue but if you are missing it for your
project simply generate it in your own image editing tool.
Now for a 76 pixels we need 1 x and 2 x and I do have them here so let's drag and drop them in here.
We have eighty three not 5 pixels to X and we do have that here as well.
So let's drag that in.
However for me it didn't like that generated 1 so I created a fixed size by halving the one that I had
here which was too big.
Again you'll find that fixed one attached to this video.
And if you're getting an error for any of these icons just manually adjust them.
Now last but not least that marketing I can we can direct it in here.
So not all these icons are replaced for the splash screen here.
Let's have a look at that launch image folder and there we have so many icons.
Now I will simply use one the same launch image here so I'll direct the same PMG in to all these fields
use the same image for all the y sizes you can of course go into more detail here and manually justice
for all kinds of devices.
With that I was prepared.
Now what about Android there.
Conveniently we have a built in tool to generate these assets for that you can click on app your right
click on resources and add a new image asset.
And here you can now choose what you want to generate.
Now I want to generate launcher icons adaptive and legacy.
And here you can leave the name as it is but you want to replace that path here to the image and there
choose your icon.
You file and open that and now it basically generates all these icons for you.
If you're not not happy with what is generated here you can of course for example trim them here pick
a background color that is white
and then maybe go with that and of course again feel free to play around with that and adjust it to
your needs
can then click next and this will now basically replace the existing icon or I can Ken's with that new
one so that you automatically have a project that uses Well a new set of icons your own one to be precise.
Now for the splash screen we still need a tool and they're able to go back to image gorilla.
And of course we could have done that right at the start but now we'll also check Android here and try
again with that selection and now yea I just will restart image gorilla add my splash stream check Android
and Kapow and just generates the android splash screens and once you downloaded that and extracted it
you will have an android folder here in your extract that bundle.
And in that droid will files your folders here you have icons to what you can ignore but you also have
that screen page you file.
And now of course in our project here we can replace our splash screen here.
Splash splash P and T with these new screen false and I'll quickly do that in visual pseudocode here
by going to source rest.
And then here we have these tribal folders and organized a bit differently.
They are really stored on our device and there.
I want to replace these splash P and C files here.
So with that make sure you rename these generated files to splash PMG and then drag them from the folder
in which they are for example from tribal land HDB HD API folder in the extract that generate a splash
screen project drag them into this folder here and replace the existing splash screen of course and
that gives you your splash screen.
And now I'll do this for all these your bowl folders here where I have a splash p and you file
now in the port folders you can just use your normal draw bowl HD P.I. folder assets you find in that
bundle so basically these assets here for example and with all of them replaced here let's try running
our app again.
So you're on android I'll run the app and bring it up on an emulator and there we should now see that
icon and new splash screen of course.
So that would be the hope that this is the case.
Let's run it on Android first and thereafter also try it on ISIS of course.
Now let's start to the application and here's our splash screen and here's our application.
Now that's Android.
Let's now give IAW a try and for that let's run this on an iPhone simulator like that.
Click the play button here and let's see if that works here's our device starting up and that looks
good.
We see the splash screen here and if I close that here's also where I can.